Now that everyone is here
Then don't waste time
Let's get started
Why is this girl
Don't believe me
Sister Mingyue
Just listen to my sister's advice
Due to the dust
You have to accept your fate.
Even if you have some Weibo medical skills
So what?
Doctors only earn a few dollars
For Mother Wang
This is tantamount to losing business
I'm afraid some people are arrogant
It angered Mother Wang again and again
That's all of us
Ah even
Sweating
I'm losing water.
It has always been extremely painful for young people to lose water.
But this fainting has never happened before
This is an anemia halo caused by severe dysmenorrhea
Probably triggered gastrointestinal cramps
Take a needle to relieve it first
What do you want to do with the training?
Why have we never seen a solution like yours?
You don't want to harm Sister Qinglian, do you?
I don't know him at all.
Why did you hurt him?
Besides, if I can't cure him
Then I'll be listed for pick-up
Is this any good for me?